One side of the armed conflicts is made up mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a Sudanese militia group made up mainly of African-Arab Abbala tribes from the northern Rizeigat region of Sudan.
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca, the holy city of Islam, which all able-bodied Muslims must visit at least once in their lives.
The Great Dark Spot is thought to be a hole in Neptune's methane cloud deck.
His next work, Saturday, follows an eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon.
The trickster spider spun a black cord and attached it to the ball. Then he crawled fast to the east and pulled the cord with all his strength.
Six weeks later, on January 13, 888, he died.
They are similar in culture to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been awarded the Colin Mears Award, worth £5000.
After the drummers, there are dancers who often play the sogo (a small drum that makes almost no sound) and have more elaborate and acrobatic choreography.
The spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola (born November 8, 1942 in Rome) is an Italian football player.
Originally, it was thought that the debris from the collision would fill the smaller craters.
Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, where he graduated with a B.A. in anthropology.
However, the BZÖ differs from the Freedom Party in that it is in favour of a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty and against EU withdrawal.
Many species had disappeared by the end of the 19th century, when European settlement began.
In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan forms a white powder.
Admission to Tsinghua University is very competitive.
Today, the NRC is run as an independent private foundation.
It is located on the Baltic Sea coast and surrounds the town of Stralsund.
He was also named Sportsman of the Year by Sports Illustrated in 1982.
Fives is a British sport that has the same origins as many racquet sports.
For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday all of Thailand will be yellow.
Both names were merged into the National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Nevertheless, Tagore emulated a number of styles, including crafts from northern New Ireland, Haida carvings on the west coast of Canada and Max Pechstein's woodcuts.
On October 14, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of the Peace Corps on the steps of the Michigan Union.
They performed for President Reagan in 1988 as part of the Great Performances at the White House series on Public Broadcasting Service.
Perry Saturn defeated Eddie Guerrero with Chyna to win the WWF European Championship.
She stayed in the United States until 1927, when she and her husband returned to France.
Despina was discovered in late July 1989 by the Voyager 2 probe.
The first Italian Grand Prix took place on September 4, 1921 in Brescia.
He also wrote two collections of short stories: The Ribbajack and Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales.
In the Voyager 2 images, Ophelia appears as an elongated object with its main axis pointing towards Uranus.
The British decided to kill him and take the land by force.
Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the southeast of Western Australia, between the South Australian border and Caiguna, do not follow Western Australian time.
For architectural decoration, coloured and iridescent shells were used to create mosaics and inlays. These were used to decorate walls, furniture and boxes.
Other incorporated towns on the Palos Verdes Peninsula are Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates and Rolling Hills.
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy, Clank asks Ratchet to help him find Captain Qwark to stop Drek.
It's not a real louse.
He advocates the use of a user-centred design process in product development cycles and also works to make interaction design a mainstream discipline.
In theory, the other editors who may have reported you and the administrator who blocked you could be part of a plot against someone half a world away who they have never met in person.
Working Group I: Assessment of the scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
This chain of islands is part of the Hebrides and is separated from the mainland of Scotland and the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife Alanna Marie were married on July 12, 2008.
Formal minor planet names are combinations of names approved by the Minor Planet Center, a branch of the IAU.
At early on September 30, wind shear began to increase dramatically and a weakening trend began.
Each entry has a nugget of data, which is a copy of the nugget in a backing store.
As a result, both men and women who attend a mosque must comply with these guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques.
Ryan Prosser (born July 10, 1988 in England) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
As with the previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of which come from its working groups.
Her granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Her grandson Pierre Joliot, named after Pierre Curie, is a biochemist.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign.
The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts (MMA) league that was supposed to be the world's first.
Giardia lamblia (also known as Lamblia intestinalis or Giardia duodenalis) is a flagellated parasite that colonizes and reproduces in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
In addition, he has often appeared in Christian films, such as the post-Rapture films Left Behind: The Movie, Left Behind II: Tribulation Force and Left Behind: World at War.
This was the area east of the mouth of the Vistula.
After his studies, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later became artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke.
Weelkes later found himself in trouble with the cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and wild behaviour.
So far, stars have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.
It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott on board the Voyager 1 space probe on March 5, 1979.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show. It was hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
On June 16, 2009, the official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's website.
He is also a member of the Jungiery boy band 183 Club.
The Apostolic Tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, mentions the singing of the Hallel psalms with the Alleluia as the refrain at early Christian feasts.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity and pledged to defend the north of France against the incursions of other Viking groups.
It is derived from Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
He received a full-size Oscar and seven mini-Oscar statuettes, presented to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a space probe.
Hinterrhein is a district in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
It is still known as Czech Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This leads to confusion among consumers when 220 bytes are referred to as 1 MB instead of 1 MiB.
The case has been the subject of numerous reports on ethics in science.
They are castrated so that the animal can be more docile and gain weight more quickly.
Seventh sons have strong special powers, and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extremely rare and powerful.
Benchmarking by PassMark Software shows a 52-second install time, a 32-second scan time and a memory usage of 7 MB.
Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
Until recently, itch and pain were considered to be independent of each other, but it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but there are significant differences.
The tongue is sticky due to the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous, which lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites that adhere to it.
The same tram derailed on the Starr Gate loop on May 30, 2006.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson, both former Ipswich Town and England managers.
Take the square root of the variance.
Volunteers brought food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages and a live rock band to the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays-de-la-Loire region in north-west France.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings will be built on a bypass, turning it into a normal city road, and the bypass will eventually become just as congested as the local streets it is supposed to avoid.
It is also a starting point for those who want to explore Cooktown, Cape York and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can cause pain, but are not usually dangerous.
None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with Wikipedia in any way is responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked to these pages.
George, Elector of Hanover, later became George I of Great Britain.
Their eyes are quite small and their vision is poor.
As hard as biological materials, they are only surpassed by chitin.
Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
You can buy tickets for National Rail, the Docklands Light Railway and the Oyster Card.
These works he produced and published himself, while most of his larger woodcuts were commissioned.
The historical method is the technique and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then write history.
The sheer weight of the continental ice cap on top of Lake Vostok is thought to contribute to the high oxygen content.
As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but not interested in doing so.
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid.
It will then free itself and sink back to the river bed to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
Research has also shown that children are less likely to report a crime if it is someone they know, trust or care about.
Today, his father is a staunch supporter of his son and one of Floyd's biggest fans.
Shortly after reaching Category 4, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged.
The equilibrium price for a type of work is the wage.
Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they published their findings in the book An Adventure in 1911 under the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He settled in London and devoted himself mainly to practical teaching.
Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria restaurant, a coffee bar and its own grocery store.
He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to guard the newly conquered region.
In 1438, Trevi came under the rule of the Church as part of the Perugia Legation, and its history is now mixed first with that of the Church States and then with the Kingdom of Italy.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation without convection and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police department that existed in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The current band consists of Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel ( guitar) and Dave McClain ( drums).
Support Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation.
They are the foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
Johan was also the bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall.
In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa governor and won.
In 1990, Mark Messier beat Ray Bourque by just two votes, a single first-place vote.
Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he flouts this law and inadvertently sets in motion a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony's home, forcing its premature migration and his separation from it.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He was diagnosed with stomach cancer in April 1999.
Before the storm hit, the National Park Service closed all visitor centers and campgrounds on the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is a form of chess in which each player has twelve minutes to play.
The Amazon basin is the part of South America that is drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries.
The two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Moderate to severe damage was reported up the Atlantic coast as far as West Virginia.
As the owners are often unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies.
The wave crossed the Atlantic and formed a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13.
For example, the style book of the Associated Press is updated once a year.
The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, the Gospel of Mark, the Gospel of Luke and the Gospel of John, probably written between AD 65 and 100.
Since the end of the 19th century, Eschelbronn has been known for its furniture production.
The upper half also looks like the coat of arms of the former district of Oberbarnim.
Unlike clouds on Earth, which are made up of crystals of ice, Neptune's cirrus clouds are made of crystals of frozen methane.
Their participation is limited until they reach the age of legal adulthood.
Developing stable versions is rare, but there are often snapshots that are stable enough to use.
In 1482, he was sent to Florence, the city of his destiny.
In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov's main landmarks - the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in 1908 and the George Cathedral in Nakhichevan in 1783.
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid and was buried in the church of San Benito de Alcantara.
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953.
Combined heat and power (CHP) is the use of a heat engine or a power plant to produce both electricity and heat at the same time.
On occasion, the master will allow a second male into the den, but the reason for this is not clear.
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or CSS snippet that you can turn on by checking an option in your Wikipedia settings.
Here are some useful links to help you get started.
He was Prime Minister of Egypt from 1945 to 1946 and from 1946 to 1948.
She was left behind when the rest of the Nicoleños were moved to the mainland.
James I made him a member of the Chapel Royal, where he served as organist from at least 1615 until his death.
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and initially said he would not accept it.
Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that grew up around it as an end in themselves, even if Esperanto was never adopted by the United Nations or other international bodies.
Dry air around the southern edge of the cyclone had eroded most of the deep convection by early September 12.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Eva Anna Paula Hitler (February 6, 1912 - April 30, 1945) was the wife of Adolf Hitler.
Each version of the license has a unique version number.
Most IRC servers do not require users to create an account, but a user must set a nickname before being connected.
In the same year, he also received a mechanic's license, making him the youngest mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It will take place on August 23, 2009 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
Usually bald and with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
Some animals have a chromatic response, changing their color with the seasons or much more quickly with chromatophores in their integument, such as the cephalopod family.
Venis defeated Rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship. Venis pinned Rikishi after Tazz hit Rikishi with a TV camera.
This is very similar to the Unix philosophy of multiple programs that do one thing well and work together via universal interfaces.
Brion comes from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer, and his father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the United States. However, Mennonites can also be found in small communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered among the population of these countries.
Naas is a major suburb of Dublin, with many people living and working there.
The armour of Acanthopholis consisted of oval plates that were set almost horizontally in the skin. Spikes protruded from the neck and shoulder area along the spine.
Origin Irmo was founded on Christmas Eve in 1890 as a response to the opening of the Columbia, Newberry and Laurens Railroad.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.
In the years leading up to his final release in 1474, when he was preparing to conquer Wallachia, Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital.
You can add a passage of up to five words as a front cover text and a passage of up to 25 words as a back cover text to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is a flexible tissue found in the hollow inside of bones.
Reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than for red. This is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in southern France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
MacGruber starts looking for simple objects to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by his personal life, so he runs out of time.
The work was almost complete when Messiaen died, and Yvonne Loriod orchestrated the last movement with the help of George Benjamin.
After Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem and Najaf, Karbala is one of the holy cities of Shi'a Islam.
The PAD called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat.
But travel through very remote areas on isolated tracks requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle, usually a four-wheel drive.
At Kahn, he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
He excuses himself because he has to go to rehearsal, and he and Dr. Schön leave.
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s. It was formed by bands influenced by British guitar pop of the 1960s and 1970s.
This was absorbed into the battalions of the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines, and the trains are shorter.
With a capacity of 98,772, it is the largest stadium in Europe and the 11th largest in the world.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was named a Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel.
Some articles are quite long and rich in content, while others are shorter and of lower quality.
More than 95 species are currently accepted.
Eugowra is said to have been named after the Indigenous Australian word that means "the place where the sand goes down the hill."
Terms such as underwear for underwear and movie for movies are often used in English.
Jurisdiction is based on international law, conflict of laws, the rule of law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to best serve the needs of their respective societies.
He followed this with other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minnehaha, Overture to The Song of Hiawatha and Hiawatha's Departure.
The capital of the state is Aracaju.
Despite this, Farrenc has been paid less than her male counterparts for almost a decade.
Gumbasia was created in a style that Vorkapich taught called the Kinesthetic Film Principles.
The lawyer became his idol and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historic town near Cowra in the west of New South Wales, Australia.
Military career Donaldson joined the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe and China dug along the Peel River and up the mountain slopes.
Prior to the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most common calculation tool in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster page refresh, a text-to-speech option and a reduction in overall thickness from 0.8 to 0.36 inches.
Yghurt or yoghurt is a dairy product that is produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hockey Hall of Fame, more than any other position. Only 35 goalkeepers have been inducted.
Various views on the subject have been put forward over the centuries, but all have been rejected by mainstream Christian bodies.
However, the album was banned from many record stores.
The legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle.
At the end of 2004, Suleman made headlines by withdrawing Howard Stern's radio show from four Citadel stations.
The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's. Wendy's confirms Tim Hortons IPO by March, Ottawa Business Journal, December 1, 2005.
Captain Caleb Holt is a fireman in Albany, Georgia, and the cardinal rule of firemen is: "Never leave your partner behind."
He won the presidential election on March 2, 2008 with 71.25% of the vote.
The plant is thought to be a living fossil.
In 1990, she was the only woman allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913.
Protests across the country were crushed.
His numerous operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld and La belle Hélène, were very popular in France and the English-speaking world in the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of Changan.
Jeanne Marie- Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 - November 11, 1968) was a French organist.
In most cases, the tool was almost impossible to control.
Santa Maria Maggiore (St. Mary the Great) is the earliest church in Assisi.
Characteristics Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal for the rail, metro, light rail and tram industries.
He was made a Companion of Honour in 1988.
The installations of Onyx, the Swiss eavesdropping system, are located in Loèche.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder that contains a lot of matches and has a rough surface on the outside.
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking in front of children and drug use in pregnant women.
She vowed never to renounce the Commune and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
OEL manga series Graystripe's Trilogy There is a three-volume English-language manga series that follows Graystripe from his capture by Twolegs in Dawn to his return to ThunderClan in The Sight.
Samovar and Porter, 1994, p. 84 Syrians did not gather in urban enclaves; many of the immigrants who worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis.
He is also known for his prints, book covers, posters and garden furniture.
When she was a child, her lungs collapsed twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix and a tonsillar cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer of the Australian National University has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging is not ecologically sustainable for the conservation of species such as the Leadbeater possum.
The Montreal Canadiens are a Canadian ice hockey team in the National Hockey League.
High value inductors can also be built on an integrated circuit using the same processes as for transistors.
The term gribble was originally used to describe the woodboring species, in particular the first species from Norway, Limnoria lignorum, described by Rathke in 1799.
The wounds caused by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt force trauma injuries.
From then on, the county was governed by Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county town in 1596.
So far, no skater has achieved a quadruple Axel in competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant was able to communicate with all the military installations on the harbour via the telephone exchange.
But there are still rules for those who enter a mosque without intending to pray.
It is pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
Computer performance is the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used.
Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found on the Volga.
The cross symbolises the monasteries of the region.
The colour of the skin can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
Bankers from ShoreBank, a Chicago-based development bank, helped Yunus set up the bank with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said there were plans to put Saddam on trial, but the details of such a trial had not yet been worked out.
Members of the Professional Hockey Writers Association vote for the All-Star team at the end of the season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south and the People's Republic of China to the east.
Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000.
Other features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a complex key schedule.
Iain Grieve (born February 19, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Other nearby towns are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
The quark model was first proposed by the physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.
The fourth ring is decorated with gold garlands and was added in 1938 when the column was moved to its present place.
West Berlin had its own post office, separate from the West German post office, which issued its own stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli.
The largest city in New South Wales is Sydney.
The polymer is usually epoxy, but other polymers such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon are also used.
The name is still used as a brand for a spin-off digital television channel, digital radio station and website, which have survived the death of the print magazine.
At the age of four and a half, he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years.
In the 1980s and 1990s, stands were added behind each set of goals as the stadium was modernised.
A town can be called a market town or have market rights even if it no longer has a market, as long as the right to do so still exists.
A bastion on the eastern approach was built later.
July 29, Battle of Stiklestad in Norway: Olav Haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle.
Others believe that Tresca was killed by the NKVD as retribution for his criticism of the Stalin regime in the Soviet Union.
This led to Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
Use HTML and CSS markup with care and for good reason.
Schuschnigg immediately replied publicly that the reports of riots were false.
Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon.
Depending on the context, another closely related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed, represented or otherwise served by a politician. Sometimes this is limited to citizens who elected the politician.
He is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz and a senior fellow at the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone also had a small part in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as a passenger.
Instead, the crew built a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the hovercraft and shot the scene while driving on the Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita.
The papers were published the next year in the book Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory by Phelps et al.
Wario Land The Wario Land series is a platform game series that began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3.
Opus 57 by Frédéric Chopin is a work for solo piano.
These attacks may have been psychological rather than physical.
A historian has said that it was the efficacy of quinine that led colonists to swarm to the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies have also shown hydrated minerals and silicates on the surface, which indicate a stony composition.
She became the chief editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf and Härtel.
Mercury has the same appearance as the moon: it is heavily cratered with smooth plains, has no natural satellites and no atmosphere.
Geography The town is located in the Limmat Valley between Baden and Zurich.
They are ideal habitats for chinkara, hog deer and blue bulls.
After the fall of the Delhi Sultanate, Dhaka was ruled by the Sena dynasty until 1608, when the Mughals conquered the city.
The prime minister stays in office only as long as he has the support of the lower house.
For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows Harry's courage and because he shows selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's corpse.
On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan- Carl Raspe and Holger Meins were arrested in Frankfurt.
Together they formed New Music Manchester, a group dedicated to contemporary music.
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys, where a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet flooded the region.
It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi, as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims.
The collapsed dome of the main church has been completely restored.
In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land a triple Axel jump in a national competition.
Salem is a town in Essex County, Massachusetts, in the United States.
There are 39 species of pipefish and 9 species of seahorse.
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, about 300 km east of Puerto Rico.
Therefore, these PDFs cannot be distributed without further editing if they contain images.
In April 1862, Ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery in the company of Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain fell on parts of the UK on October 5, causing localized flooding.
Version 2009.1 includes a USB installer to create a Live USB, where the configuration and personal data of the user can be saved if desired.
The number of seats is as follows: Free Democratic Party (FDP) 2, Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP) 2, Social Democratic Party (SPD) 2, and Swiss People's Party (SVP) 1.
A fee is the price paid for a service, in particular the fee paid to a doctor, a lawyer, a consultant or a member of a learned profession.
The library system at Ohio State consists of 21 libraries located on the Columbus campus.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the rule of Norway, but Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a good peace.
The singles were By the Way, The Zephyr Song, Ca n't Stop, Dosed and Universally Speaking.
In April 2000, MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software license. By this time, other operating systems had already surpassed MINIX's capabilities and MINIX remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to gold to beige white, with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
The Britannica was primarily a Scottish company, as shown by the thistle logo, the floral emblem of Scotland.
The area covered by the warning on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified, but the warning was lifted as soon as the storm made landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union-Tribune reported that U.S. Marines and their commanders confirmed the use of Mark 77 firebombs against the Iraqi Republican Guards in the early stages of the war.
The latter provide the audience with information later on in the form of intertitles and can help historians imagine what the film might have been like.
This is because real estate, farms and other assets in the underground economy of the Third World cannot be used as collateral to raise capital for industrial and commercial expansion.
He ran out of Sydney Cove several times and was shot in 1796.
Ned and Dan marched to the police camp and ordered them to surrender.
Before the second game, the press agreed that the appearance was not up to Veeck's usual standard.
Joss Whedon has confirmed in a short video for Equality Now that Fray is not done, Fray is coming back.
A mutant is a fictional character who appears in comic books.
The SAT Reasoning Test (formerly known as the Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment Test) is a standardized test for admission to college in the United States.
Civil unrest in northern Italy gives rise to the medieval musical form of the Geisslerlieder, penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants.
Some reports state that various factors can increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
His sentence was seven years in prison.
Waugh writes that Charles was in search of love when he first met Sebastian and found the small door in the wall that opened into an enclosed and enchanted garden, a metaphor that informs the work on several levels.
Her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin played an important role in her life.
The term "dolphin" refers to anatomical structures that are located on or on this side of an animal.
The term protein was coined by Berzelius after Mulder noticed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and could be composed of a single type of molecule.
After the raid on the Jerilderie, the gang hid for 16 months.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department in the North-West of France.
Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
In 1963, an extension was added, which curved north from Union Station below University Avenue and Queen's Park to near Bloor Street, where it turned west to St. George and Bloor Streets.
Since 1980, a section of the Central Australian Railways line has run along the western side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old portage trail that led west through the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with heart defects are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it ranged from the mountainous regions of the Sierra Madre to the semi-arid plains of northern Yucatán.
Google then made the comic available on Google Books and their site and mentioned it on their official blog with an explanation for the early release.
Anyone can register a pedigree with the College, where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before they can be altered.
The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985, but it was not widely used in schools.
In the spring of 1990, they toured with the IPO for the first time in the Soviet Union, performing in Moscow and Leningrad. In 1994, they toured with the IPO in China and India.
Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack capitulates to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm, taking more than 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties.
It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts.
Most South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Tulu.
Meteora has won numerous awards and prizes.
After a short stand-off, the WWF's cavalry turned around and attacked Kane and Jericho.
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
In the 5th century the Slavs came to the area.
From 1900 to 1920, many new buildings were built on campus, including the dental and pharmacy departments, a chemistry building, a building for natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a town in Scott County, Illinois.
Name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian name ending in -ka, which is derived from the proper name Arzash.
From a total of 16,421 applicants, she was one of 15 selected to appear on the TV show.
The episodes were broadcast on ABC from September 21, 1993 to March 1, 2005.
The latter can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
Gimnasia first hired the famous Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, then Julio César Falcioni, but both had little success.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa.
She has also appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lost It" by Eminem.
On June 24, 1979, Glinde received its town charter for the 750th time.
He returned in the Game Boy remake of the game in 1994, and later in the game Mario vs.
The vagina is remarkably elastic and can stretch to many times its normal diameter during birth.
His real date of birth has never been recorded, but it is believed to have been between 1935 and 1939.
This quantitative measure shows how much of a particular drug or other substance (inhibitor) is needed to inhibit a given biological process or part of a process, such as an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism.
Although they are located in the Bernese Oberland, parts of the Bernese Alps are in the neighbouring cantons of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg and Vaud.
He had a daughter, Mary Ann Fisher Power, who was baptized Ann Power.
In an interview, Edward Gorey said Bawden was one of his favorite artists and regretted that not many people knew him.
The string can vibrate in different modes, just as a guitar string can produce different notes. Each mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.
Gable also received an Oscar nomination for his role as Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty.
